Zhanwang Chen is Long Shuai's right-hand man
He won't come to Long Shuai's spiritual entry ceremony
It's suspicious in itself
What a surprise!
Unexpectedly, Zhanwang Chen was sentenced to robbery
Lord Long Shuai's martial arts are unparalleled
There are adversaries in the world
If it weren't for a sneak attack by a confidant
How could he die?
Zhanwang Chen is definitely suspected of internal and external cooperation
Good point to me.
I'm sure I can't escape suspicion
You're right actually.
What's your kid's name?
Report to the imperial teacher
My name is Zhang Zihao
In Jinhai, he is also a young upstart with a little fame
You are more suitable to be the city lord than Song Tianbao
After all, you are not stupid.
Thank you for your appreciation
I will send someone to block Chen Tianjiao's convenience
Although he is not on the list
The first fear is to scare the snake
Second, his evidence was not confirmed
Afraid of killing good people
Zhanwang Chen is Cao Lin's accomplice
How is that possible?
Hahaha, imperial teacher?
Your ability to reverse black and white
It's even more amazing than your unparalleled cultivation base
Haha fan
I also like it compared to your kung fu of killing Dragon Shuai
Not even close.
I didn't expect it.
Senior sister covers Qin Shuangxue and Song Xin for this arrangement
Instead, it became the broken minister of Ouyang Tomb who attacked me
If I had known to leave a letter
Let's confront him
Doctor
The matter of Zhanwang Chen's villain is too encouraging
Heard I asked to see hard evidence
How to bet me with your black gauze hat?
King Chen Zhan and I have the grace to save our lives
I can't watch him be wronged
It's a cover-up scourge.
If Zhanwang Chen really rebelled
Then he didn't kill You Xishan and Zhang Yun at all
Tao's motivation
Lord of State, how do you explain this?